Upon receiving a dispute request from the seller, Shopee will investigate the case and come to a fair resolution after reviewing the evidence submitted by both buyers and sellers. On average, this process will take approximately three days from the date the dispute was raised, which may be subject to changes depending on the reason for and type of Return/Refund requests.
Return and refund requests (as opposed to Refund only requests)
might take an additional three to five working days from the date the seller or the Shopee Warehouse receives the returned parcel. This is to allow the seller or Shopee to perform the required Quality Check (QC) and ensure that returned products are in acceptable condition before the request can be approved.
In cases of dispute, Shopee may require buyers/sellers to provide additional supporting documents within a set timeframe to aid us in the investigation. Once a resolution is reached, Shopee will inform both buyer and seller of the outcome via email.
Sellers may raise dispute due to issues with the return parcel. The following is a list of reasons on why a seller might raise a dispute for a return parcel:
Did not receive the return parcel
Received return products with physical damage
Received incomplete return products (missing quantity/accessories)
Received wrong return product
Incomplete/ Damaged/ Faulty/ Wrong products
Returned products will undergo a quality check to ensure these products meet the criteria for return. A dispute may be raised if the returned products are deemed unsuitable for return and refund.
Counterfeit products
All Return/Refund requests on counterfeit products will be thoroughly reviewed by Shopee, where supporting evidence will be requested from both buyers and sellers before a fair decision is made.
Shopee may reject the request if the buyer’s supporting evidence is invalid or does not support the Return/Refund reason selected.
Products returned due to Change of Mind
All Return/Refund requests under Change of Mind will be thoroughly reviewed by Shopee. Returned products will undergo a quality check to determine if they meet the criteria for return. A dispute may be raised if there are issues found on the returned products. Shopee will then investigate and determine a fair resolution within 3 working days.
Shopee may reject the request if the buyer’s supporting evidence is invalid or does not support the Return/Refund reason selected.
⚠️ Note
To facilitate the dispute resolution process, Shopee may require buyers/sellers to submit more supporting documents within a stipulated time period before starting the investigation.