1. How do I return Bulky Items?
You can return bulky items either through Shopee or by arranging the return yourself.
1. Shopee arranged returns
Steps to return bulky items through Shopee Arranged returns:
Raise a Return/Refund request
Shopee will check if your shipment fulfils the weight and dimension criteria for arranging a return shipment request with our bulky logistic partner.
The criteria are: Weight > 30 KG or dimensions combined > 300cm
If the bulky items fulfil the above criteria,
Shopee will inform our logistic partner to reach out to you through Call/ WhatsApp within five working days for the pickup arrangement.
Pack your bulky item for return :
Pack the items for return securely in their original packaging.
Please write your Shopee username and order ID clearly on a piece of paper and attach it to the return parcel. Printing is not necessary; ensure your handwriting is clear and readable so the driver can identify the pickup item.
Ensure that the contact number and address provided are accurate so the driver can reach out for pick-up.
Place the parcel outside the pickup address (in front of the door) for easy access and pick up, as the driver may not be allowed to enter the premises.
Provide Shopee with photos or videos as proof once the item is picked up. (For privacy purposes, please do not include the driver’s face.)
The refund will be released to you after the required item has been returned and assessed to fulfil the return criteria.
2. Self-arranged returns
Steps to return bulky items through self -arranged returns:
Raise a Return/Refund request
Select Self Arrange as the return shipping option
3. Seller arranged returns
Steps to return bulky items through seller-arranged returns:
Raise a Return/Refund request
Buyer and Seller may discuss the pickup date and pick-up details.
Seller will need to share the pickup arrangement with Shopee.
Once Shopee has approved the request, buyers can select Self Arrange as the return shipping option.
⚠️
Note
Shopee will not be liable for any damage to your return parcel due to improper packaging. Please take into account that your parcel may go through multiple touchpoints during delivery (e.g., loading, unloading, sorting), and they should be adequately packaged to withstand the entire delivery cycle.
2. Will the shipping costs for my return parcel be covered by Shopee?
Return shipping is free when you return using the
Drop-off
or
Pick-up
options.
If the
Self Arrange
option is selected, Shopee will reimburse you up to $10. The reimbursement will be credited to your ShopeePay account within seven to 14 working days after the Return/Refund case is completed.
You will be prompted to set up or activate your ShopeePay account to
receive the shipping fee reimbursement.
⚠️Note
If you have selected the
Self Arrange
Option and paid for the shipping fee, please upload relevant shipping information (such as the
tracking number, shipping documents
, and
receipts
) via
'Input Shipping Proof'
.
Please include the return shipping cost in the Remarks section of the
Return/Refund Details
page within the Shopee App.
If your ShopeePay account is not activated, you will not be able to receive the reimbursement.