1. How do I pack my parcel for returns?
Please pack the product(s) to return securely in their original packaging, such as a cardboard box or poly mailer with bubble wrap, to prevent damage during shipment back to the seller or Shopee Warehouse.
If the original packaging is damaged, you may use your own packaging for the return parcel (save for Change of Mind returns). For fragile items, consider using a "This side up," "
Fragile
," or "
Handle with care
" sticker as an additional reminder to the courier to handle your parcel with caution.
Ensure that product(s) are returned in the original condition as received, and that all the original items that came with the product are packed along with it. Examples of items can include:
Original brand packaging
Free gifts
Warranties
Tags
Manuals
All the accessories provided with the product
To help us process your return faster, you are required to include a note within the parcel with the following information:
Your Shopee username
Order ID
Description of return reason (e.g. how is the product damaged, malfunctioning, or different from what you ordered)
⚠️
Note
If your return parcel is not packed according to the provided guidelines, our logistics partner reserves the right to reject it.
Shopee will not be liable
for any damage caused to your return parcel due to improper packaging.
Please consider that your parcel may go through multiple touch-points during delivery (e.g. loading, unloading, sorting) so it should be adequately packaged to withstand the entire delivery cycle.
2. How do I get a return label for my parcel?
You will be able to obtain the return label from the Return/Refund Details page. However, you are not required to print the return label before returning the item.
You are required to
attach a piece of paper with the Tracking Number and Order ID written clearly on the outer packaging, covering the existing/ initial shipping label where applicable.
For the
Drop Off method,
a tracking number will be generated automatically after the Return/Refund request is submitted.
For
the Doorstep Pick Up method,
a tracking number will be generated after the pick-up arrangement has been completed.
3. How do I track my return parcel?
You may track your return parcel using the tracking number provided after submitting your Return/Refund request via the Shopee app or when arranging shipment with your chosen courier service.
To track the parcel, simply enter the tracking number on the
website of the courier service
.